[TT-17156] Dashboard Config Docs (#2016)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/dashboard-config.mdx

ENV: <b>TYK_DB_HTTPSERVEROPTIONS_MINVERSION</b><br />
Type: `uint16`<br />

> Minimum TLS version. Possible values: https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/certificates#supported-tls-versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum TLS version. Possible values: https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/certificates#tls-or-ssl
```

Reviewer 2: seems like an intended change in https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-analytics/pull/4483

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Minimum TLS version is inherited from Go library, but can be overridden here. For details see: https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/implement-tls#controlling-tls-version-&-cipher-suites
```

This is the correct link - and please improve the wording as suggested. We should make similar change to max TLS version, please.

I don't see max version anywhere. 😕

Reviewer 2: there's no max version field in the struct

Do not allow license management screen

### ui.labs
Feature flags for the UI

### ui.dev
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_DEV</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Temporary : Enable dev mode feature on UI

Reviewer: We are removing this config, but I don't see anything in the release notes.

Reviewer 2: I can see this was removed by this PR https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-analytics/pull/5389 maybe a question for @lghiur

Reviewer 4: There is no labs flag anymore. This is more internally used

Reviewer 3: i.e. we shouldn't include this in the external docs. Is there a way to omit comments from the autogenerated docs?

Enabled is a boolean flag that enables the onboarding quick start wizard.

> ### ui.notifications

Reviewer: No env and no type. Also, what is the behavior of toast notifications?

Reviewer 2: I think env and type where missing from the comment that automated this (https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-analytics/pull/5365).. Toast notifications are the small, temporary popups in the Dashboard UI that show non-blocking feedback (like "Saved successfully" or error messages). This configuration was introduced to let users customize how long these popups stay on screen for different message types (success, warning, error)

Enabled is a boolean flag that enables the onboarding quick start wizard.

### ui.notifications
Notifications configures the behavior of toast notifications displayed in the UI.

### ui.notifications.duration
### ui.notifications.duration.success
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_NOTIFICATIONS_DURATION_SUCCESS</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

### ui.notifications.duration.warning
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_NOTIFICATIONS_DURATION_WARNING</b><br />
Type: `int`<br />

### ui.notifications.duration.error
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_NOTIFICATIONS_DURATION_ERROR</b><br />

> Type: `int`<br />

Reviewer: Missing description

Reviewer 2: @sharadregoti added descriptions PTAL

### labs
Experimental and beta features configuration settings

### labs.streaming
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_LABS_STREAMING</b><br />

> Type: `map[string]interface{}`<br />

Reviewer: Hmm, I believe this is a normal JSON object. Also, where is the description?

Reviewer 2: I think labs should actually be deleted from the docs as it does not really makes sense in here
